docs: setup changelog (#699)
ansys/actions: doc/source/changelog.rst

.. _ref_release_notes:

Release notes
#############

> This document contains the release notes for the PyAnsys Geometry project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains the release notes for the Ansys Actions project.
```
I'm guessing where this was copy pasted from :p

Author: Good catch!
